how's it going ladies and gents this is
jeff with i download blah we're gonna
talk about mavericks implementation of
safari topsites now when you open up
Safari for the first time you see your
list of top sites you have 12 different
sites there you can click on one of the
sites and that will load up the site
right there on your browser and there
are a variety of ways you can open top
sites you can use the command T to open
up a new tab and that will display your
top sites just like that or you can do
command in that will open up a new page
that will display your top sites or if
you want to you can go to history show
top sites and that will open the top
sites in the same window so that way you
don't have to open up a new tab or
anything like that or you can use the
keyboard shortcut associated with that
command and that is command option one
and that will open up your Safari top
sites in the same window again command
option one that will take you back to
your top sites
now speaking of top sites there are some
options that are associated with this if
you go to Safari preferences you can
actually choose how many sites are
displayed so you can make it display six
top sites you can go with the default 12
top sites don't choose that and there's
the 12 or 24 if you really want to view
a lot of the various top sites there I'm
not a huge fan of the 24 it's kind of
hard to discern what's there I think I
prefer the 12 so let's go back to
preferences and choose twelve sites
there now we're going to talk about
actually moving sites around you can
actually now drag and move your sites
around you can pin your sites you can
close the sites out if you want to do
that pinning the sites just hover over
and click the pin and that will keep the
site there regardless of however many
new sites come and it will keep it right
in his place now if you move a site if
you drag and move a site notice it
automatically pins that site just like
it does in your your dock there down
into your dock when you move a new app
that's open it will pin that app so it
stays in the dock this is the same
concept when you move a Safari top site
it will pin it in that location of
course you can unpin it later if you
want to do so but this allows for you to
keep it in the exact
location that you move it again you can
just hover over uncheck the pin if you
want to unpin it and you can of course
close out of sites as well so that is an
overview of Safari top sites in OS 10
mavericks let me know what you guys
think in the comments section below this
is Jeff with I dental blog